feat(docs/ulule-api): change main_image fields to i18n objects (#89)
ulule/developers.ulule.com: content/docs/ulule-api/overview/versions.md

## Versions changelog

### 2020-04-08

> * This version change `main_image` in an [i18n object](#i18n) in the [project resource](#project resource).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This version changes the `main_image` fields of the  [project resource](#project resource) and the [search-project resource](#search-project-resource) to [i18n objects](#i18n).
```

> * This version changes the `main_image` fields of the  [project resource](#project resource) and the [search-project resource](#search-project-resource) to [i18n objects](#i18n).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This version changes the `main_image` fields of the [project resource](#project resource) and the [search-project resource](#search-project-resource) to [i18n objects](#i18n).
```
